<p>Recently I decided that certifications are needed to help myself grow in my career. I am at a point where I can no longer trial and error my way through. This hands-on learner needs to learn to be a study learner. This has come with unexpected challenges.</p>
<p>I dropped out of high school in 10th grade and I wasn’t exactly the best student while I there. Test failed my share of those. Study, What's that? I have to go play outside, or in my later years, I have a party to get to. Basic test skills were not something I was putting many skill points into in my early years. Now I currently have both my GED and an Assocentats degree so I know I can learn and test. But to me, those were guided education programs. I went to class and the teachers helped me…a lot. I spent time outside of class working with teachers and other students to better understand the material. I am forever grateful for those teachers.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">Good teachers are so undervalued.</p>
<p>When I felt I couldn’t learn the material my teachers would tell me I could. I had classmates that I could bounce ideas off of to help ingrain the material. But they are not here now. I have moved into the uncharted realm of self-driven education. This is all on me. I have to seek out the material. I have to talk to myself to help ingrain the material. Or make a blog post about it. I have to remind myself why I’m doing this when I want to give up. I have to remind myself that failing on the practice test is the whole point of taking them. Practice tests are like weekly tests as they help me get ready for the big test. They help me see what I need to focus learning on.</p>
<p>I am learning more about myself in this process, like how hard I can be on myself. How I can be my own worst enemy. However, I see a new lesson in all of this. A lesson on how to be kind to me. I am reinforcing the lesson that failure is not the end of the path, it is a part of the path. Failure is often the beginning of learning or trying something new. If I never struggle and I never make a mistake then I’m not doing anything new. That sounds a bit dull and boring to me.</p>
<p>Seeing this means I can work with it as opposed to against it. Rather than getting upset with a 50% on the practice test I can say that 50% of the time I was right and I only have 50% more to learn. Looking into the struggle, seeing the root cause, and then working from there is how we grow as a person. How I learn more about myself. I have often heard that challenges are where we grow and I believe this to be true. At least in my life, it has held true.</p>
<p>I think that all of us have something that when we started brought up old feelings. Things that we want to do and then in the process realize we have some baggage we must work through to get to the other side. Life is mandatory, but growth is optional. However, without growth think of who you would still be? When I struggle I often remind myself of who I would be today if I hadn’t faced the parts of me that needed work so that I could get here. This always helps me pick myself back up and continue.</p>
<p>Next time you fear doing something new. Look past the fear for the reason it is there. For me, in this case, most of my fear is around past experiences. But if I’m honest with myself I realize that I never tried that hard in school as a child. If I look closer I can see many reasons for this and those reasons do not exist today. My reality today is completely different than it was back then. This means that the fears I hold for the situation are currently baseless. This doesn’t mean that I will pass all the tests on the first try. I can still fail. But the difference is today I want to learn and failing means I didn’t learn what I wanted to learn. So of course I want to study more and try again. Then when I do pass, it means that I know more than I did when I started. It means I have gained more knowledge in the subject I was learning about. And knowledge my dear friends is a wonderful thing.</P
<p style="text-align: center;">Thank you kindly for reading</p>
